make it so every window always opens in the main monitor, and make the main window open in full screen.

make settings window open in zoom too.

also, I want to create an access database where when the program starts, the program will read all the folders and if there's any new folder in the path, it will be added as a new product in the database. think about this thru. what if changing paths deletes data or ignores it. what if pictures are removed, make sure data still stays, what if the same folder is removed then added would it delete the record? and so on. setting to update database? database location path?

make back button to be at the bottom left of the settings screen, and it should always be there, no matter what changes has been made to the settings window.

notepad create word document for the review. should be able to create the word document if it has no text in the review textbox, to read it if the word document exist so the textbox can show what the word document has, and modify it so after it has read it if the user inputs something new, it should modify the word document. what else is needed? more importantly, what should be inside the database and what should be inside the folder? I imagine everything should be inside the database and should use the database to update the contents in the word file inside the product folder. the word file should contain data from the database, such as product name, product price, and so on that is relevant for a reseler.
use the inventory as guideline, also the accounting fields.

 also consider to start creating the accounting section to calculate expenses etc etc.

xCancelled Order	
xDamaged	
xPersonal
xTo Sell After	
xOrder Date	
xReviewed	
xPictures Downloaded	
xUploaded to Site	
xPayment Type

	
ASIN	
Product ID
Product Name	
Product Folder	
Product Image	
Fair Market Value	
Order details	
Order Link	
Sold Price	



should have an excel type of section where I can copy/paste the data from amazon and paste it on the section so the products are stored in the database.